chore: Add 3.2.2.4 changelog (#5947)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/gateway/changelog.md

* When the OpenID Connect (OIDC) plugin is configured to reference HashiCorp Vault in the `config.client_secret` field (for example, `{vault://hcv/clientSecret}`),
it does not look up the secret correctly.

## 3.2.2.4
**Release Date** 2023/08/21

### Breaking changes and deprecations

* **Ubuntu 18.04 support removed**: Support for running Kong Gateway on Ubuntu 18.04 ("Bionic") is now deprecated,
as [Standard Support for Ubuntu 18.04 has ended as of June 2023](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Releases).
Starting with Kong Gateway 3.2.2.4, Kong is not building new Ubuntu 18.04
images or packages, and Kong will not test package installation on Ubuntu 18.04.

>     If you need to install Kong Gateway on Ubuntu 18.04, see the documentation for
>     [previous versions](/gateway/3.1.x/install/linux/ubuntu/).

Reviewer: Hmm. I actually don't really know how to handle this 🤔 I _think_ the deprecation is going to be applicable as far back as 3.1.x, since we're still building patches for that. So this statement won't be accurate once the next 3.1.x patch is out.

Maybe the line needs to be something like this:

```suggestion
    If you need to install Kong Gateway on Ubuntu 18.04, substitute a previous 3.2.x 
    patch version in the [installation instructions](/gateway/3.2.x/install/linux/ubuntu/).
```
What do you think?

Author: I think that makes sense to me!

* When the OpenID Connect (OIDC) plugin is configured to reference HashiCorp Vault in the `config.client_secret` field (for example, `{vault://hcv/clientSecret}`),
it does not look up the secret correctly.

## 3.2.2.4
**Release Date** 2023/08/21

### Enterprise

> #### Breaking Changes

Author: ❗ For reviewers: These were also added in the 3.4 changelog. Should I still leave them here because they were backported? If so, I think I'd also need to modify our breaking changes files.

Reviewer: Good call. I would add a patches section in the breaking changes.

- Ubuntu 18.04 artifacts are no longer supported as they are end-of-life.
- Amazon Linux 2022 artifacts are renamed to Amazon Linux 2023, based on AWS's own renaming.

#### Deprecations

> - **CentOS packages are now removed from the release and are no longer supported in future versions.**

Reviewer: Can you remove this entry? We deprecated CentOS packages back in 3.0. They accidentally built one CentOS package in some random patch release again, I don't remember which; but from the docs perspective, we haven't had CentOS in our docs since 2.8.x

> #### Dependencies

Reviewer: We normally put dependencies as the last section of a version's changelog.

* `lua-resty-kafka` is bumped from 0.15 to 0.16

> #### Fixes

Author: ❗ For reviewers: When I looked at the issues linked to some of these fixes, they had multiple pull requests associated with them, so I didn't add a link to any PR. Is that correct? Also, many of them had fix versions that weren't "3.2.2.4", is this something I need to ask about or can we assume these are also in 3.2.2.4 since they were in the changelog draft?

Reviewer: If the linked PRs are in a private repo (usually Kong/kong-ee), then we don't link to them.

If they're links to a public repo, you can have more than one PR link if it's relevant. However, a lot of the PRs in a linked list will be '"backported/cherry picked to X", which we don't link to. So use your best judgement :)

* Updated the datafile library to make the SAML plugin work again when Kong is controlled by systemd.
* Fixed an issue where the anonymous report couldn't be silenced by setting `anonymous_reports=false`.

> * Fixed an issue where a crashing Go plugin server process would cause subsequent requests proxied through Kong to execute Go plugins with inconsistent configurations. The issue only affected scenarios where the same Go plugin is applied to different route or service entities. [#6208](https://github.com/Kong/kong-ee/pull/6208) THIS IS STILL IN PROGRESS?

Author: This one is still in progress in Jira and GH, so just noting that in case it doesn't make it in.

Reviewer: You'll want to remove the link to kong-ee before this goes in.

> ### Plugins

Reviewer: Can you restructure these sections to follow the order we normally have for the changelog? That generally goes like this:

```
Breaking changes and deprecations 
Features
  Enterprise
  Kong Manager
  Some other sections as applicable, eg Admin API or Core
  Plugins
Fixes
  Same sections as in features as applicable
Dependencies
Known issues
```

The section order will almost definitely change in 3.5 with the new changelog process, but let's keep it consistent for now.

#### Fixes

* OpenID-Connect
  * The correct table key on 'log' and 'message' is now set.
  * If an invalid opaque token is provided but verification fails, the correct error now prints.

### Kong Manager
#### Fixes

* Fixed an issue where the Zipkin plugin prevented users from editing the `static_tags` configuration.
* Fixed an issue where the unavailable Datadog Tracing plugin displayed on the plugin installation page.

> * Fixed an issue where some metrics were missing from the Statsd plugin. [#2493](https://github.com/Kong/kong-admin/pull/2493)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where some metrics were missing from the StatsD plugin.
```
Kong-admin is a private repo.
